black man 34 nebula Bucky Barnes and
movie opens Friday screenings around the
country and here in a way have been sold
out for days so we thought it might be
nice to give one lucky Avengers fan here
in Hollywood a sneak peek now my cousin
Sal is outside on a Hollywood Boulevard
tap anywhere now Sal right next to us at
the el capitan theatre they had a
marathon of all the Marvel movies they
ran them for like 29 hours in a row and
you grab something they'll bring
somebody and I know this person was add
that that screen I'm not sure this one's
a fan of the movies but let's try out
anyway oh yeah hi what's your name
Danielle Danielle were you from San
Diego okay do you came up especially for
this yes I did
oh wow and how's it what's the mood like
in the theater everybody's pretty pumped
we're still pretty awake but we've only
finished the movie and a half so we'll
see how it is Oh No you've already left
the theater huh
yeah well I think it's gonna be worth it
because I thought perhaps you might want
a sneak peek at the Avengers today is
that something that would interest you
yeah I'd be pretty interested in that
okay well so you follow cousin Sal
that's cousin Sal following him up the
stairs and that is the the sneak peak
all
and stick your head through that hole
and we will give you a special
[Applause]
you
so there they are what do you think I'm
so lost for words right now is this
better than that smelly theater next
door that's not too ripe yet sometime
give it 23 more chadwick what do you
have there
I have a pair of extra tickets to a
screening rmx I want to go oh yeah oh
yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
that was ridiculous
I feel like we caught you guys do it hey
guys stay right there I want to do that
again but next time when the head comes
through the hole I'd like you to all be
naked okay let's get it hate like
speaking of fans let's give another fan
a sneak peek at the Avengers out on
Hollywood Boulevard with cousin Sal hey
how you doing hey what's going on now
yeah you're walking around with a
Captain America shield huh I am as the
easiest cosplay I could come up with
what's your name my name's Michael
Michael where do you live I live in
Riverside California
oh so you drove in for this event I
drove all the way as a matter of fact
I'm supposed to be preaching at my
church right now oh really all right
well hey would you like a sneak peek at
the Avengers do I'd love it I love all
right well hey follow my cousin Sal
right up those stairs there we've got a
special viewing whole setup stick your
head right in there
don't be nervous nothing bad will happen
[Applause]
we're great to see you guys man y'all
should see the effect that I've had on
people they cheer I'm actor gets to see
the movie you're gonna have to take them
into my mouth yeah thank you guys so get
back in here we have a movie to spoil
we're gonna give the whole ending to the
movie here tonight thanks for watching
if you liked that video click the
subscribe button and if you didn't like
it will you hurt my feelings